Simple fixes for restart replica description (#43004)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/sql-reference/statements/system.md

### RESTART REPLICA

Provides possibility to reinitialize Zookeeper session's state for `ReplicatedMergeTree` table, will compare current state with Zookeeper as source of truth and add tasks to Zookeeper queue if needed.

> Initialization replication queue based on ZooKeeper date happens in the same way as for `ATTACH TABLE` statement. For a short time, the table will be unavailable for any operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initialization of replication queue based on ZooKeeper data happens in the same way as for `ATTACH TABLE` statement. For a short time, the table will be unavailable for any operations.
```
